# PersonalDesktopAssistant

A project to build an AI voice assistant using Python . The Voice assistant interacts with the humans to perform basic tasks.


### About ROBO :

Robo is an AI personal voice assistant service built using Python. It can understand human speech and perform basic task designed by the client.

When the user specify the appropriate trigger words , The Robo gets activated and executes the user commands.

Robo AI Voice assistant:"Good Morning Sir" (Greets the user according to time). I am Robo, your personal assistant. How may I help you? "


### The implemented Voice assistant can perform the following tasks:

1. Opens a wepage : Youtube , Google (using web browser)		
2. Searching wikipedia (using wikipedia)    
3. Predicts time (using datetime)	
4. Playing a youtube video (using Pywhatkit)
5. Searching anything on google (using Pywhatkit)
6. Crack a joke (using pyjokes)
7. Open any folder or downloaded music (using os)
8. Sending Mail (using smtplib)
9. Weather status (using openweather Map api)
10. Fetching Latest News (open times of India Latest News Section)
11. Can answer computational and geographical questions (using wolframalpha)
12. Writing notes and showing notes (using python file handling)
13. Can answer general questions (like will you be my life partner etc.)
14. Can stop listening (by using bye, exit, quit etc. commands)

if you ask any illogical thing to Robo then it will say:
"Sorry, I couldn't understand. Try again"

### Libraries required to be installed using Pip Command:
	
	1.Pywhatkit
	
	2.request
	
	3.Speech recognition
	
 	4.Pyttsx3
	
	5.Wikipedia
	
	6.pyjokes
	
	7.Wolfram Alpha


### In-Built libraries required to be imported:

	1.os
	
	2.datetime
	
	3.web browser
	
	4.smtplib

Robo uses Third party API's to predict weather in different cities and to ask computational and geographical questions. 
Free API keys can be generated by creating an account in the following applications.  
	
	Open Weather Map - To forecast weather
	
	WolframAlpha - To answer questions
	


